# ProcessLog
Inspired by the app TodaysMeet, that closed down last week, for anonymous commenting during meetings, I thought a realtime "Process Log" for project based and maker-centered classrooms could be very interesting. Something simple that as the process unfolds students have a chance to jot down observations, comments, post questions, give feedback and post photos realtime. The app could be a way for teachers in student centered environments to gauge what is going on and think about next steps for the individual paths of each student. It could also be a way for students to visualize their thinking and learning while also collaborating with their peers as the process happens. After every session the content of the entry logs could be saved and sent via email. (I had a very hard time making sense of arrays and objects and ended up not using them. My `Send` botton, was intended to get the information from the Todays Work area which was inputed by the students and send it via email to the chosen email, but I also did not manage to figure this out.) Hours of work were dedicated, Jin's films seen over and over, but I still feel I need much more practice and study to make a true interactive interface. Moving back to Brasil in a few days will not be able to dedicate more time now. Even not getting it all yet I do feel I learned a lot. Jin, I learned a lot of Java, but I also learnt a lot about online teaching and learning. I think your approach was very thoughrough, collaborative, and constructionist. I did appreciate the Tinkers, Projects, FeedBack and possibility for Collaboration.  If I did not learn more was simply because I did not have the time and mindspace to focus so much during this last month in NYC. Thank you!

Demonstration Page Editor View - https://codepen.io/ps3005/pen/MXVayY?editors=0010
Demonstration Page Live View - https://codepen.io/ps3005/live/MXVayY

Reflection Video - https://youtu.be/oBt2vyHqqmk
